excuse me
true love is hard to find sometimes you
think you have true love and then you
catch the early flight home from San
Diego de [ __ ] life took an unexpected
turn
Heidi what are you doing home a couple
of new people jump out of your bathroom
blindfolded like a damn magic show I'm
really sorry
now next you're on the rebound
you're like an injured young fawn who's
been nursed back to health who's finally
gonna be re-released into the wilderness
he's getting a little help from his
friends I wanna thank you very much for
coming to the official Mitch Martin
Freedom Festival he's a very successful
very disease-free gentleman standing by
the minibar from DreamWorks Pictures
we're officially starting a fraternity
this is my house I heard you guys are
starting up a fraternity what told you
that and the director of road trip we're
giving out Vince to 14 guys wait who's
this guy he looks a he's a hundred years
old he's bringing about you pancake
good morning now that was a party I want
in half these guys don't even go to the
school I promised my wife I wouldn't
drink tonight y'all do one
here's your lips it's so good we don't
take it too seriously if you may be
asking yourself why is the cinder block
tied securely to your beer most don't
you think this is going a little far
ah Frank just pace yourself sorry Wow
Luke Wilson I get the feeling you have a
entirely distorted view of Who I am
Will Farrell you tell anyone about this
I'll kill you I'm kidding I'm kidding
we'll come back by tonight okay so you
and Vince Vaughn as my wife always
smiling oh honey judging watching look
at the baby look at the baby be careful
that's the most powerful tranq gun on
the market yes Wow
that's awesome old-school